hi how is studied in poly
I'm here in the gym
julie space today I'm going to
talking about walking is fundamental in the
feeding although all the meals
that you have throughout the day that is
breakfast until your last meal all
undoubtedly have the most
important for me to transform your
body is what you carry out just
after training the eyes whether
you want to gain muscle or burn fat
you must carry it out if you want to see
results is fundamental how do you know
your workouts are only the
encouragement is when you recover
bone feeding by resting that the
results in the body are going to be given
now it says it has a window
of opportunity up to 45 minutes later
to train to feed us
that does not mean we should do
wait for our body to receive
the nutrients they need I tell you
this because they are often seen
waiting 30 minutes 45 minutes to
just feed yourself so I'm going to
recommend that you feed the most
soon you can after training
for example, bodybuilders
Professional fitness models are
feed as soon as possible that's
what it takes our passing the
time I eat immediately
after training we do not want
delay the recovery process
we want to start it as soon as possible
as you already know when recovering we are going to
get the results that both
we want to get in our bodies
so from now on, feed yourself
sooner than you can after
train eating is aware of its
huge importance let's move on to the next
point
what to eat first you must understand that
when we finished training our
body is ready to absorb the
nutrients that means that these
nutrients will go directly to our
muscles and they will not be deposited as
grease
then before giving us example of the
after eating I'll give you three rules
phases must be liquid must contain
proteins and fast carbohydrates
absorption and not liquid thanks
We need to be digested quickly as
imagine a solid meal is delayed
much more time to digest and how
our body needs the nutrients
the fastest is why it is
It is recommended that a liquid be liquefied
For example, it must contain proteins and
fast-absorbing carbohydrates there
sources of carbohydrates that are absorbed
slow in this case we need
carbohydrates to be absorbed quickly
that's going to be the nutrients that
let's consume the proteins enter
quickly to our muscles and what
another is not serious and because although the
fats are fundamental in our
feeding would cause a slow
absorption of the other nutrients and that
is not what we want because we want a
fast function so no fats in this
food now yes having everything in it
I presented
next I'm going to mention which ones
are the foods that you can consume what
first that proteins for example
egg whites that yes I recommend you
you will be pasteurized these are the
sold in bottles also sell
powdered egg whites or if you have a
protein supplement that is the serum
of milk or also known as eggs
regarding carbohydrates are the
fruit or a fruit juice milk
chocolate that is excellent even
for me it has proteins are also
the rehydrating drinks can finally
vary among all the ingredients to
consume then train it well now
that you already know what the ingredients are
that you can use uses those that
are your preference, you put them in the
blender the vats and inside well that
I try today's video I hope that
have enjoyed it eat the most
soon you can after training and
you're going to get excellent results if
you want me to personally advise you
in your training routines or plans
of food among other things to
that you achieve the body that both
then click on the link below
see you there, chao